Blue J


Product Manager

Toronto, ON · Reposted 12 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply

Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Hybrid

Full-time
Apply

Save
You’d be a top applicant and more likely to hear back

Your profile seems to match the required qualifications well.


Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

Create cover letter


BETA • Is this information helpful?



About the job
About Blue J



Blue J is the leading generative AI solution for tax professionals. As a B2B SaaS company, our customers are accountants and tax experts who rely on our market-leading software to deliver fast, accurate, and defensible answers to complex tax questions.

With the launch of our flagship generative AI product, we’ve consistently exceeded our revenue targets quarter over quarter and continue to accelerate our growth. Our product roadmap is ambitious, customer-focused, and designed to deliver exceptional value at speed.



On the heels of our rapid growth and expanding product roadmap, we are looking for a Product Manager to own roadmap execution for our engagement & growth pillar. Working alongside our Director of Engineering and reporting to our VP of Product, you will be the driving force behind how we activate users and deepen product stickiness. You’ll design the product experience, engagement systems, and product-led motions that turn new users into long-term, successful customers.



A Note on Location



This is a hybrid role based in Toronto. We’re looking for someone who can join us in-office 1-2 times per week in our downtown office, while also enjoying flexibility to work remotely the rest of the time. All candidates must be eligible to work in Canada.



The Opportunity



On the heels of our rapid growth and expanding product roadmap, we are looking for a Product Manager to own roadmap execution for our Engagement & Growth pillar. This role exists to bring dedicated product ownership to the core of the Blue J product experience. Working day-to-day with a cross-functional team (Product, Design, Engineering) and partnering closely with the Director of Engineering leading this area, you’ll bridge the gap between initial discovery and long-term success. Engagement & growth is where we turn core product value into repeatable, scalable usage. You’ll own the roadmap for our product-led motion - optimizing the experience and building the systems that ensure every tax professional who uses Blue J finds immediate value and returns to it as their primary place to do tax work.



What You’ll Be Doing



Own the Engagement & Growth roadmap



Define the path forward: partner with Engineering and Design to define and prioritize what we build, why it matters, and how we’ll measure success
Build deep conviction: develop a profound understanding of what “great engagement” means for tax professionals and translate that into clear problem statements and success metrics
Navigate trade-offs: align stakeholders on how we will balance customer value, technical constraints, time-to-market, quality, and long-term scalability


Build And Scale a Product-led Experience



Optimize the “First Mile”: Own the ongoing evolution of our product-led experience as a long-term growth engine - running experiments to improve time-to-value, feature adoption, and conversion
Identify and solve friction: use data-driven decision making to identify where users drop off and ship improvements that moves the needle on activation and conversion
Enable self-serve discovery: Build product systems and onboarding flows that help users discover core value quickly without needing a human guide


Elevate The Core Product Experience



Lead structured discovery: conduct interviews, usability testing, and workflow observations to ensure the team is prioritizing the right problems for tax professionals
Create “sticky” workflows: build the features and systems that help tax professionals be more efficient in the work they do every day
Partner for continuous delivery: work closely with engineering and design to ship high-quality work with a strong focus on ease of use and product adoption
Work in the open: share work-in-progress early and often - invite feedback from stakeholders to ensure alignment and visibility


Own The Returning User Experience



Enable seamless workflows: help users pick up where they left off, making it effortless to return to past work
Improving organization: refine navigation patterns to ensure Blue J is the place tax professionals return to every day to do tax work
Raise the bar for polish: champion UX quality and “quality-of-life” features that eliminate friction and turn casual users into power users


Strengthen product practice as we scale



Bring an operator mindset: prioritize clearly, unblock quickly, and ship work that moves metrics
Help improve how Product works across Blue J’s development pillars as we scale (rituals, clarity, documentation, decision-making)
Raise the bar on experimentation, prototyping, and modern PM workflows


What You Offer Blue J



5-7+ years of product management experience (or equivalent product ownership experience)
Experience shipping customer-facing B2B SaaS products in a hyper growth environment
Strong product judgment, prioritization, and comfort making decisions with imperfect information
Proven ability to turn customer problems into clear scope, requirements, and measurable outcomes
Strong execution habits and a track record of delivering what you commit to
High technical fluency and comfort partnering closely with engineers day-to-day
Bonus: engineering background or hands-on software-building experience
Bonus: front-end leaning instincts and a strong eye for UX and product quality
Strong analytical thinking and comfort using product data to guide decisions
Experience running experiments to improve activation, retention, or conversion
AI-native working style that helps you move faster and think sharper
Comfort with tools like Jira, Confluence, Miro, and Figma
Clear communication skills and the ability to build trust cross-functionally
Low ego, high ownership, and a customer-first mindset


What We Offer You



A rare opportunity to help scale a product at a category‑defining AI company
A mission‑driven culture where your work directly advances clarity, efficiency, and accessibility in tax research
We’re well-funded and offer competitive base salaries and stock options. You’ll play a crucial role in our growth, and it’s important to us that you share in our long-term success
A collaborative, ambitious, and supportive team that values innovation, respect, and fun
We care about you as a whole person. You’ll have a healthy work/life balance and colleagues who respect it. We’ve mindfully put together a great benefits package that covers you and your family
The excitement of a fast‑growing with clear momentum and the resources to back bold initiatives


The Core Values that Define Our Culture



We are customer-focused
We put the team interest before self-interest
We are pleasant and playful
We are open to better ideas
We deliver on our promises
We solve the toughest problems


What To Expect In The Interview Process



We anticipate a high volume of applicants for this role and are excited to grow our team. A human will review each application and get back to you as soon as possible. We appreciate your patience and look forward to connecting with you!



Interview Process



Chat with Talent Team
Meet with VP Product and Director of Engineering
Present a case study (project to be provided)
Meet Ben, our CEO


We believe our strength is built on diversity of thought, and encourage candidates from all backgrounds and experiences to apply. We value inclusiveness and are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

We strive to create an inclusive and accessible hiring experience for all candidates. If you need any accommodations during the interview process, please let us know in your application. Our team is dedicated to providing the necessary support and making reasonable adjustments to ensure a smooth process for everyone.



How We Use AI In Our Hiring Process



To ensure transparency, we want candidates to know that Blue J uses AI-enabled tools within our applicant tracking system to help organize applications and highlight profiles that match the key requirements for each role. AI does not make hiring decisions. Every application is reviewed by a member of our Talent team, and all decisions throughout the process are made by humans. We use these tools to support efficiency and consistency, not to replace human judgment and we’re committed to a fair, thoughtful, and equitable experience for every candidate.



Compensation



The base pay range for this role is CA$130,000 – CA$160,000 per year.

Final compensation will be set fairly and thoughtfully based on experience, expertise, and alignment with the role’s responsibilities. While all candidates are expected to bring directly relevant experience, the top of the range is typically reserved for individuals who demonstrate exceptional depth in the role’s core competencies, a strong track record of impact in similar environments, and the ability to operate with a high degree of autonomy from day one.


